# Twitter_analysis-of-BJ
This describes the Demographic analysis of Twitter Users Allegation on Boris Johnson 
Demographic analaysis of the tweeter user who express there opinon about the allegatation layed on Boris Johnson were extracted and analyse 
For this study, we used the streaming API supplied by Twitter's developer account to gather daily tweets containing the keyword "BorisJohns Out" from December 8, 2021 to December 17, 2021, and only tweet in English Language were selected has the event take place in a English Society. This gives us about eight thousand eight hundred and seventy three (8873) tweet in the period of 10 days, the limitation in the period is due to restriction on unpaid Twitter developer account and also those period were the heat period of the event.
All the visualization analysis was carried out using various python library namely; Plotly, Matplotlib, and Seaborn. Data wrangling, cleaning and manipulation were carried out using Pandas and Numpy library in Python.
# Step Carried out is Highlighted Below:
# Data Preprocessing
Data manipulation and creation of more columns from the Meta data extracted from twitter pertaining to the tweet was carried for example the formatting of time stamp into datetime series and the extraction day, hour and minute. And other features engineering mechanism was adopted 
# Sentiment Analysis
For sentiment analysis, some selected Meta data (user_date','retwt_count','retwt_status', 'user_fav', 'today', 'min_date') of the tweet were drop has this section only need few features with the tweet to cover the scope of the research question on sentiment analysis. More also, text pre-processing was carried out which involve the cleaning of irrelevant character, numbers, emoji, ‘http’ and @mention using regex library in python. Then stop words such as ‘a’, ‘his’ etc were removed using NLKT corpus of stop words. Afterward the sentence were tokenize (split into words), then lemmatize into the root words.

VADER, a lexicon and rule-based sentiment analysis tool particularly targeted to sentiments expressed in social media, was used to perform sentiment analysis on our data set (Ilyas et al., 2020). Vader assign positive, negative, neutral, and compound scores to each, compound scores is use to group each sentiment into negative, positive and neutral tweet. If the score is between -0.05 and +0.05, then it is classified as neutral. If it is greater than 0.05, then it is considered as positive and if less than -0.05, then it is considered as negative. This process is carried out using Vader library in python.
# Topic Modeling
This study uses Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) for Topic modeling, LDA is a probability based unsupervised machine learning technique used for detection of topics in a text. The model performance was examined using the coherence scores. This process is carried out with gensim library in python.
